README.md, before:

# couples_harmony

How to Run the App

What You Need First:
1. Android Studio
  - Make sure you have Android Studio installed. If not, grab it here: https://developer.android.com/studio.

2. Flutter SDK
 - Install Flutter by following this guide: https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install.
 - Don’t forget to add Flutter to your system’s PATH so you can use it from the terminal.

3. Git
 - You’ll need Git to clone the project. Install it here if you don’t have it: https://git-scm.com/.

4. A Device to Run the App
 - Use a physical Android device with USB debugging turned on, or set up an emulator in Android Studio.

Steps to Get It Running
1. Download the App

- Open your terminal or command prompt.
- Clone the repo by running in terminal:
   git clone <https://github.com/pjvillanueva/couples_harmony>  


2. Open the Project in Android Studio
- Open Android Studio and click "Open".
- Select the project folder you just downloaded or extracted.
- Wait a bit while it sets everything up.

3. Install Dependencies
- Once the project is open, look for the terminal at the bottom of Android Studio.
- Type this command to fetch all required packages:
    flutter pub get  

4. Set Up a Device
Using Your Phone:
 - Connect your phone via USB.
 - Make sure USB debugging is enabled in your phone’s developer options.

Using an Emulator:
 - Open Android Studio.
 - Go to Device Manager, set up an emulator, and start it.

5. Run the App

To start the app:

Either type this in the terminal:
  flutter run  

OR just hit the green Run button in Android Studio (looks like a play button).

That’s it! The app should be running on your device now. 🎉

Commit message:

updated must generate new api key before running

README.md, after:

# couples_harmony

How to Run the App

What You Need First:
1. Android Studio
  - Make sure you have Android Studio installed. If not, grab it here: https://developer.android.com/studio.

2. Flutter SDK
 - Install Flutter by following this guide: https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install.
 - Don’t forget to add Flutter to your system’s PATH so you can use it from the terminal.

3. Git
 - You’ll need Git to clone the project. Install it here if you don’t have it: https://git-scm.com/.

4. A Device to Run the App
 - Use a physical Android device with USB debugging turned on, or set up an emulator in Android Studio.

Steps to Get It Running
1. Download the App

- Open your terminal or command prompt.
- Clone the repo by running in terminal:
   git clone <https://github.com/pjvillanueva/couples_harmony>  


2. Open the Project in Android Studio
- Open Android Studio and click "Open".
- Select the project folder you just downloaded or extracted.
- Wait a bit while it sets everything up.

3. Install Dependencies
- Once the project is open, look for the terminal at the bottom of Android Studio.
- Type this command to fetch all required packages:
    flutter pub get  

4. Set Up a Device
Using Your Phone:
 - Connect your phone via USB.
 - Make sure USB debugging is enabled in your phone’s developer options.

Using an Emulator:
 - Open Android Studio.
 - Go to Device Manager, set up an emulator, and start it.

5. Generate new OPEN AI API Key:
  - Visit https://platform.openai.com/signup/ to create an account or log in.
  - Go to "API Keys" under your OpenAI account settings.
  - Generate a new key and paste it into the `.env` file as:
   
   OPENAI_API_KEY= REPLACE-THIS-WITH-NEW-OPEN-AI-API-KEY

5. Run the App

To start the app:

Either type this in the terminal:
  flutter run  

OR just hit the green Run button in Android Studio (looks like a play button).

That’s it! The app should be running on your device now. 🎉
